I used to listen to people asking for
help that's what I was trying to do is
help people but I was fooling myself
darkness only responds to darkness
I'm daredevil I've made many mistakes
but I accept the debt I bet because of
death Prison has changed me what is it
you say I want to make a deal
these claimants would have changed but
they don't know him like I do
the last time that we spoke you
threatened me that is something that I
cannot forgive us nothing for good this
time there's only one way to stop me but
you're not going to do it you sure about
that
just be careful that you don't become
the monster
because I've tried to make this city a
better place
to tell the world who you really are
someone who's now showing his true
colors
sometimes you have to hook on precious
it's a greater good
that he needs a new villain
I think I might have found him daredevil
is our true public enemy
according to eyewitnesses the brutal
attack has been
not everything
daredevil
are you I'm daredevil
you
[Music]